Y
do not
for me
to learn something different
that they are taking them into account because
the ts is very unusual that they
ask what you want how you feel in
this area really is not something that
happen there is no real concern
about
then when the child arrives
ask how do you feel like this is
so they are really if you have to
true how do you feel how it grows and at
end always have to narrow the
hand and making a commitment and the
question is that ok and what happened
past but from now on you and me
we are a commitment you think then
if they start to feel this part
individual this part of belonging that
especially in the identity situation
after sarcos to many when they
they carry the instrument carrying the
they provide manager with putting pride
they do not come anymore they are not fallen roses
and a half are proud and when they come
with the uniform to the presentations and
toast this is a fun party
popular laughs and here what we try
still increase and that is that the contact
with children be effective that is not
teacher impositor student who only
listen and obey the last exercise
bye
and it's already our house and playing and
embracing but already without without this
degree of violence not of any
disposition towards others
intonation all classes including
history classes of music
they give them in a very Colombian way then
start the feedback between
student and teacher
and this is how they really
classes this is how they are left
they realized themselves that no
there was a reason to be fit
violent that there was no reason to
be on the defensive that not especially
that there was no reason to be afraid
inside the facilities, it takes them away from
example drugs
things like that
is made more responsible because now
I arrive I know that I am going to arrange I come
to classes I come to my house and do nothing
there
Y
ah
to me from guys who study to me
like to be a musician someday great
as well as the teacher and it will come perhaps to
overcome it when you mentalize something
you can always achieve it